# IES_98498

# Review Questions
## A
There are three built-in life cycles:
- clean: to clean the project and remove all files generated by the previous build, also Maven invokes the clean lifecycle consisting of the following phases:

    -> pre-clean;

    -> clean;

    -> post-clean;
- default: the main life cycle as it's responsible for project deployment
    Main phases of the default lifecycle:

    -> validate: validate the project is correct and all necessary information is available;

    -> compile: compile the source code of the project;

    -> test: test the compiled source code using a suitable unit testing framework;

    -> package: take the compiled code and create the JAR file;

    -> integration-test: process and deploy the package if necessary into an environment where integration tests can be runned;

    -> verify: run any checks to verify if the package is valid;

    -> install: install the package into the local repository, for use as a dependency in other projects locally;

    -> deploy: done in an integration or release environment, copies the final package to the remote repository for sharing with other developers and projects;
- site: Maven Site plugin is generally used to create fresh documentation to create reports, deploy site, etc. It has the following phases:

    -> pre-site;

    -> site;

    -> post-site;

    -> site-deploy;

## B
Maven goals represent a specific task that contributes to the building and managing of a project. So yes, is appropriate to run our project.
Maven can also acctivate differente plugins, including plugins to execute specific class (goals)

A build phase is made up of a set of goals. Maven goals represent a specific task that contributes to the building and managing of a project.
Sometimes, a maven goal is not bound to a build phase. We can execute these goals through the command line like:
```bash
mvn plugin-prefix:goal

mvn plugin-group-id:plugin-artifact-id[:plugin-version]:goal
```

## C


## D
Git commit messages should be small messages with a maximum of 72 chars

We should write the commit messages in imperative such as "Fix bug" because this convention matches up with commit messages
generated by commands like git merge and git revert.

Further paragraphs come after blank lines.

- Bullet points are okay, too.

- Typically a hyphen or asterisk is used for the bullet, followed by a
  single space. Use a hanging indent.

Major information in commit messages:

- Describe why a change is being made.

- How does it address the issue?

-What effects does the patch have?

-Do not assume the reviewer understands what the original problem was.

-Do not assume the code is self-evident/self-documenting.

-Read the commit message to see if it hints at improved code structure.